So now let's go in and look at AWS Lambda and
actually run some of this Serverless application code,
and actually see what it would look like in action.
Okay, now that we've opened up the Amazon Management Console,
the first thing to do to create a Serverless application
is actually to go to Cloud9.
So what I want to find a service that's available in the Amazon Console,
I just type it in and do a partial keyword search.
And here I can find this actual Cloud9 environment.
Next, what I'm going to do is I'm actually going
to create a brand new Cloud9 environment.
So I go here and I say create environment,
and what's really useful about
the Cloud9 environment is that you can create
many different environments and it'll
automatically save for you and not
run let's say at a constant interval and give you a big bill.
So I'm going to call this one udacity,
and inside of here I'm going to go ahead and make a small description,
this is for writing Serverless code.
Okay. Let's go to the next step.
Then, by default really there are some great default set for you.
You can go and create a new instance for EC2 or you could actually
go in and do some more advanced things
like you can actually run this on your own remote server,
and also you have some instance types options.
So in the case of this demo,
I'm going to use the default free tier here which is
one gig of RAM and virtual CPU which is really fine for what we're trying to do
which is right very small JavaScript based IDE code.
Finally you can choose between either Amazon Linux or Ubuntu server.
When I develop on AWS,
I typically like to use the operating system where my code would
be developed because it reduces the amount of complexity, right?
So if I have to translate from one Linux operating system to another,
it could raise a little bit of a potential error.
Finally as I mentioned,
this is one of the most powerful features of the Cloud9 environment is
that you don't have to actually constantly worry like did I turn it on,
did I turn it off, it's basically like an auto timed light switch,
it automatically turns off after 30 minutes.
I've noticed that this works just fine for me.
So I'm going to go ahead and say next step.
Then I'm going to go through here and create the environment, and that's it.
It's just a couple screens and then your environment will be created for you.
Okay. Now we're in Cloud9.
And what's really powerful about this Cloud9 environment is that you can
see it's actually a real IDE with a real file system and location.
So if I go at this bash prompt here,
I type in ls, you can see the read me file here is the same read me file here.
Also what's really powerful about it is that
it's integrated into the AWS development environment.
So for example, if I wanted to list what's in
my S3 bucket and this is where you do this infinite storage in Amazon S3,
I would type in AWS S3 LS,
and that would actually show me along the pipe into the head operation.
So I just see a few of them,
and you can see it actually gives me
the first few buckets that are available in my own account.
So I have a complete hook into
the AdaBoost ecosystem and a terminal to play around with the code.
I would say the most powerful feature immediately though from Cloud nine,
is that you can build lambda functions with just a few clicks.
Okay what I'm going to do now is I'm going to go through and look
at this window on the right here.
One of them is collaborate,
and one of the great features about Cloud9 is you can actually
invite someone to your account and you can start pair programming together.
I've used this in the past and it's a really powerful way to debug something
that maybe you are stuck and you are going
to be inefficient debugging it by yourself.
Also one of the things you can do is you can look at
this outline and you can search for things.
And the AWS tab gives you access to what lambda functions
you're currently developing,
and there's also a full-fledged debugger as well.
So let's go into the AWS resource tab. Here we go.
I have AWS Lambda tab open.
You can see there's remote function.
So if I wanted to I can grab some lambda functions that live on AWS
or I can go to these local functions here and I can just create one myself.